Update guides according to `lsp-smart-contracts v0.8.0` (#462)
lukso-network/docs: docs/guides/universal-receiver-delegate/set-default-implementation.md

const EOA = new ethers.Wallet(privateKey).connect(provider);
```

  </TabItem>

</Tabs>

## Step 2 - Deploy the default Universal Receiver Delegate contract

:::info

The **Universal Profile** and the **Vault** don't use the same implementation of the Universal Receiver Delegate.
:::

### Step 2.1 - Create a contract instance

At this step we will create an instance of the Universal profile URD that we will further be used to deploy one.

<Tabs>
  
  <TabItem value="web3js" label="web3.js">

```typescript title="Contract instance of the Universal Profile URD"
// create an instance of the LSP1UniversalReceiverDelegateUP
let universalProfileURD = new web3.eth.Contract(
  LSP1UniversalReceiverDelegateUP.abi,
);
```

  </TabItem>

  <TabItem value="ethersjs" label="ethers.js">

```typescript title="Contract instance of the Universal Profile URD"
// create a LSP1UniversalReceiverDelegateUP Contract Factory
let universalProfileURDFactory = new ethers.ContractFactory(
  LSP1UniversalReceiverDelegateUP.abi,
  LSP1UniversalReceiverDelegateUP.bytecode,
);
```

  </TabItem>

</Tabs>

### Step 2.2 - Send the contract deployment transaction

> Send the deployment transaction and in a few seconds you will get a new deployed Unviersal Profile URD.

Reviewer: Not sure if we should write _"in a few seconds"_ as it might depend on the state of the network.

```suggestion
Send the deployment transaction to get a newly deployed URD.
```

    LSP1UniversalReceiverDelegateUP.bytecode,
  );

  // deploy the Universal Receiver Delegate UP contract
  const universalProfileURD = await universalProfileURDFactory
    .connect(EOA)
    .deploy();

  return universalProfileURD.target;
};

// deploy a new Universal Profile URD and retrieve its address
const universalProfileURDAddress = await deployUniversalProfileURD();
```

  </TabItem>

</Tabs>

## Step 3 - Set the address of the URD in the storage

After deploying the contract, we need to set its address under the **[LSP1-UniversalReceiverDelegate Data Key](../../standards/generic-standards/lsp1-universal-receiver.md#extension)** and grant it the **[SUPER_SETDATA](../../standards/universal-profile/lsp6-key-manager.md#super-permissions)** permission.

### Step 3.1 - Create the contract instances

Firstly we need to create instances for the following contracts:

- [**Universal Profile**](../../standards/universal-profile/lsp0-erc725account.md)
- [**Key Manager**](../../standards/universal-profile/lsp6-key-manager.md)

<Tabs>
  
  <TabItem value="web3js" label="web3.js">

```typescript title="Contract instances for the Universal Profile & Key Manager"

> // create an insatnce of the Universal Profile

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// create an instance of the Universal Profile
```

const universalProfile = new web3.eth.Contract(
  UniversalProfile.abi,
  universalProfileAddress,
);
// get the owner of the Universal Profile
// in our case it should be the address of the Key Manager
const keyManagerAddress = await universalProfile.methods.owner().call();

> // create an instance of the LSP6KeyManager

Reviewer: Suggest removing "LSP6" for consistency with the comment above.

```suggestion
// create an instance of the Key Manager
```

const keyManager = new web3.eth.Contract(LSP6KeyManager.abi, keyManagerAddress);
```

  </TabItem>

  <TabItem value="ethersjs" label="ethers.js">

```typescript title="Contract instances for the Universal Profile & Key Manager"
// create an insatnce of the Universal Profile
const universalProfile = new ethers.Contract(
  universalProfileAddress,
  UniversalProfile.abi,
);
// get the owner of the Universal Profile
// in our case it should be the address of the Key Manager
const keyManagerAddress = await universalProfile.methods.owner().call();
// create an instance of the LSP6KeyManager
const keyManager = new ethers.Contract(keyManagerAddress, LSP6KeyManager.abi);
```

  </TabItem>

</Tabs>

> ### Step 3.2 - Encode new permissions Data Keys & Values

Reviewer: this sub-heading only mention the permissions.

Maybe we can also mention the fact that we are registering it on the UP in the title as well?

Something like:

```suggestion
### Step 3.2 - Register URD on the UP + set the URD permissions
```

> Generate _Data Keys & Vaules_ for [**adding a URD**](../../standards/generic-standards/lsp1-universal-receiver-delegate.md/#how-delegation-works) to the Universal Profile and for granting [**SUPER_SETDATA**](../../standards/universal-profile/lsp6-key-manager.md#super-permissions) permission to the **URD**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generate _Data Keys & Values_ for [**adding a URD**](../../standards/generic-standards/lsp1-universal-receiver-delegate.md/#how-delegation-works) to the Universal Profile and for granting [**SUPER_SETDATA**](../../standards/universal-profile/lsp6-key-manager.md#super-permissions) permission to the **URD**.
```

);

// bytes16 index `addressPermissionsOldArrayLengthHex` will serve as index
const newElementIndexInArrayHex = addressPermissionsOldArrayLengthHex.substring(
  34,
  66,
);

const dataKeys = [
  URD_DATA_KEY,
  ERC725YDataKeys.LSP6['AddressPermissions[]'].length,
  ERC725YDataKeys.LSP6['AddressPermissions[]'].index +
    newElementIndexInArrayHex,
  ERC725YDataKeys.LSP6['AddressPermissions:Permissions'] +
    universalProfileURDAddress.substring(2),
];
const dataValues = [
  universalProfileURDAddress,
  addressPermissionsNewArrayLengthHex,
  universalProfileURDAddress,
  PERMISSIONS.SUPER_SETDATA,
];
```

  </TabItem>

  <TabItem value="ethersjs" label="ethers.js">

```typescript title="Encode Data Keys & Values for updating the URD and its permissions"
const addressPermissionsOldArrayLengthHex = await myUP['getData(bytes32)'](
  ERC725YDataKeys.LSP6['AddressPermissions[]'].length,
);

const addressPermissionsNewArrayLength =
  ethers.toNumber(addressPermissionsOldArrayLengthHex) + 1;

> const addressPermissionsNewArrayLengthHex = ethers.toBeHex(

Reviewer: I am not sure which function from ethers is this.
I could not find in it in the etherjs docs.

https://docs.ethers.org/v5/search/?search=toBeHex

Author: Yeah my bad, it was taken from ether v6

Author: https://docs.ethers.org/v6-beta/api/utils/#toBeHex

Reviewer: I am not sure if we should put functions from the beta version of ethers v6.

Also because at the beginning of the guide we say to install with 

```
npm install ethers ...
```

But the beta version of ethers is installed via `npm install ethers@beta`.

Leave it to @CallumGrindle and @Hugoo to decide

Reviewer 2: Well, I guess v6 will be more "bulletproof"
